docs(api-reference): promote `url` instead of `content` (#3499)
scalar/scalar: packages/nestjs-api-reference/README.md

  )
```

> Recommended: If you’re serving an OpenAPI/Swagger file already, you can pass an URL, too:

Reviewer: Wording

```suggestion
Recommended: If you’re serving an OpenAPI/Swagger file already, you can also pass a URL:
```

Reviewer: 'a URL'
